# CS-340
# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by making sure my code is well commented and as simple as it needs to be. This makes going back to work on it or figure out bugs easier in the long run due to having some documentation. I could use a CRUD module like this in the future for if I ever have a large dataset I need to visualize with dash.
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I tend to approach problems by first figuring out on a large scope what is required of it, then breaking it down piece by piece and working on it incrementally. I had some problems that persisted for longer than I would've liked, especially with the initial dataframe implementation but I slowly read the callback errors and errors in the log until I pinpoint the problem. I would use this technique again in the future due to the success I had with it.
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scienctists do many things with their knowledge. It matters because data is very important in todays world to make educated decisions. My work on this type of project helps a company do their job better by creating an easy to use tool to visualize and find the information they need to do their job. In this case it was finding the correct animals for a certain type of disaster.
